hi my name is Alicia Newman lauric I'm a
fashion stylist and publisher of the
blog madly chic calm I'm here today to
tell you how to pack high heels in a
suitcase so the first thing is have your
suitcase packed kind of half full 3/4
full so you've got a few clothes in
there then you want to take your high
heel and stuff it with some socks just
to protect the shape a little bit so I'm
going to put that sock in there and that
sock in there and it also saves space in
your suitcase to not socking there them
in there and then I'm going to pack them
separately in bags if you don't have
fancy shoe bags just use a grocery bag
so I've got this one packed and I'm
going to roll it around like it this
make sure that you pack your heels at
the bottom of the suitcase where the
wheels are because if you pack them at
the top once you stand your suitcase up
the weight of the shoe is going to make
pull all your clothing down and it can
create more wrinkles so what I do is I
will pack this at the corner and just
kind of fit it in where the gaps are if
you have any tank tops or other
underwear or other smaller items you can
kind of tuck them around the heel of
your shoes and then I will take this one
and do the same thing here as well
I'm going to wrap this around and again
I'm going to pack it in the corner with
the heel in the corner and just kind of
tuck it in where the gaps are there are
always gaps around the edges of your
suitcase so this is a great way to save
space and to make sure that your heels
don't get damaged notice that I pack
them sideways and not facing up if you
pack lots of clothes when your shoes are
facing up like this you are going to
completely smoosh them and they lose
their shape so by packing them sideways
like this it gives them more protection
i'm alicia newman lauric of madly chic
comm and this was how to pack high heels
in a suitcase